# Brief introduction:

As we all know it is difficult to manage time for your daily needs in this fast-moving world. With this case there is a need for change in a technological field, there's an urgent must embrace and appreciate the power of innovative technology. So there is a vital situation to manage one in all the essential need that's a shelter or home for survival. If you are not known to an individual in some cities and want to rent a house than it's difficult to hunt out suitable aim time. Hence, there's a requirement to develop a House Rental management App that will simplify the work for the landlords and tenants so all their works are often done efficiently and effectively.

Online House Rental Management System is a platform where a person can easily find a suitable house within his requirements. Our goal is to satisfy the needs of rental house owners and general people who want to find their desire house easily. This App will provide the whole knowledge about houses which is accessible for Rent. If any Tenant wants to know the available house and the other related information like price, residential or not, structure of the flat, security, location details, they can know through this platform. Using this app the Landlords even have provision to post or update their property details whenever they want.

A tenant can search based on keywords such as location, prices, size. A tenant can also likes houses and check that later, decorate house both virtually and by same pictures, view in AR view, view through google map, pay rent, change currency. Customized user accounts that can be dynamically generated, Dynamic Content Updation, Automated Email and SMS facilities, Language changing facilities, Store transaction history, Comparison of properties based on location (distance from nearest hospital, school, airport, railway station etc). Registration: The system must provide login access to the registered users. The system must provide a registration page to enable new users(Builders, Brokers, Owners) to be registered. If the Registration is successful, an email is to be sent to the user with a temporarily generated password. When the user logs in for the first time after registration, he must be asked some secret questions. The new password provided by the user must be a secure password (not a dictionary based password).The registered users must be able to save and modify their profile which can be viewed by interested parties. The registered users must be able to view the history and summary of their activities. Notifications : Get notifications depending on his/her location. The landlord/owners shall have options to view the responses to their properties. The landlord/owners shall be provided with a form to update their property details. The landlords/owners must be able to confirm/decline the tenant's request. The landlords can also set a rent payment reminder per month. Extra facilities: Users can get help in both online (voice assistant, FAQ) and offline (pdf, slideshow, short video), complain, give ratings and feedback.

